this is better than my imagination this
is not a dream come true
she
what you see
transistor
Oh
are you I can't all right all right all
right this next song is dedicated told
those great drummers who inspired me
Ringo Starr Bill Collins little Ricky
fort drum roll Thank You Lacey gentlemen
thank you thank you ladies ladies please
come take all the vows you want buddy
one phone call and you get the hottest
band in the city to play our high school
it wasn't one phone call it was to the
first time i called it was busy right
here all right guys we're willing to
sacrifice a little sound quality for
volume volume volume there's window
dressing the lead singer Oh Andrew
here's that photo I promised you oh
great uh that's Kirk care okay do you
want to go out no and o
Andrew this is grandpa drowsy on the
manager of splitting headache howdy hey
Andrew your head of the entertainment
committee will need your signature on
this contract I'll countered sign I will
attain I'll sue for you to initial all
50 pages read it carefully have it on my
desk by this afternoon
I said carefully Andrew I didn't sure
how did you happen to notice the claws
in page 11 you mean the one about no
audio or video taping to be allowed it's
the one good we stress reading skills
here at Briarwood nice your dad used to
love these old home movies met there's
someone here you haven't seen yet
errands first birthday oh no was i naked
don't worry Aaron I promise I will close
my eyes when I transfer these old films
to video Wow here's one of us at the
Grand Canyon when dad killed that huge
snake really it was a garter snake
Robert accidentally stepped on it we
could have been killed Andrew never did
get over it hey mom you don't think it
looks like I'm trying too hard to look
like I really didn't try that hard to
look like this uh then works for me then
I manager I'm out of here to give me a
hand with these will ya
thank you I'll get these back to you
soon as I can thanks Ben black I
remember my really first big high school
dance what did you wear for the most
part Bruce Moen we're in the stabbing Oh
your daddy was kind of shy no way not
daddy yes he was one year he turned me
down for Sadie Hawkins who's she ah
Sadie Hawkins dance this when the girls
asked the boys out and what do you call
that now mid 90s
is to give me
meeting
andrew clements chick man takes a big
man to say this tonight he made me more
popular than me
you
my
to me he
a chess game
me
anyway my mom made me take dancing
lessons I guess you paid her own band
how did you get them to come here the
drummer used to be my Chanel leader DNA
do you for one mean party arena see you
later line Ricky's
okay just time you throw me in the air
I wish I'd learned to loosen up a little
more
hey they do now
let's go to the bathroom only girls do
that I mean together
please don't tell me you tape the
concert tonight I don't believe this you
show me sign that contract no recordings
nonzero less than one come on Andrew
chill out he always put stuff like that
to contract that's why they called him
contracts I could get into a lot of
trouble for this andrew clements 15 was
today grounded for life from the
senseless TV I want the tape back Andrew
don't be such a wuss one lousy little
tapes not gonna hurt anybody I want the
tape back your dad want a league bowling
championship right honey say goodnight
it's late
yeah well my dad was named most valuable
bowl or at the Olympics have a nice
evening Aaron your father never bowled
the Olympics what does Louis know he's
only ten hey it's bedtime I'm on just 15
more minutes good night come on why dad
would have let me stay up as promised
what that was too easy how do I know
this splitting headache Stephens gonna
be trusted
what is just do what I found on the
morning show thanks for the great time
the other night okay thanks for making a
copy that tape and nine thanks for hers
too oh and so does Warren Warren Warren
hey I'm an adolescent my hormones
canceled all my brain cells come on
Clemens is three lousy tapes what harm
can that cause andrew we have a problem
and until it's resolved there be no more
concerts at Briarwood mr. pike here
informs me that there's a number of
pirated sets on campus that's copyright
infringement listen guys the band is
this close to signing a major record
deal if these bootleg tapes scuttle that
deal it'll be your collective butts
ah damn you guys see Nicole around
you
yo big guy sorry to interrupt your
quality time but I need that copy of
splitting headache back a bit of a legal
snafu I asked you as a personal favor
gentlemen thank you enjoy I don't care
how big he is get that tape back no I
wait till he's dead any luck with
Melanie
I'm working on it she wants to use the
tape for her exercise class maybe you'll
get hungry and eat the tape with a civil
department on my plate
splitting headache gee Julia a no no
silly ova da cunha re maska
heavy metal
so are we buds again yeah but you're on
probation
you sure they haven't released an album
Andrews mad at me oh yes well I'll skip
the lecture on how you selfishly broke
the rules by making these tapes and
thereby violated your friends trust I'm
glad we skip that part huh doesn't seem
to be any generation loss you like this
music I can make you a copy actually I'm
more of an Iron Butterfly kind of guy 17
minutes of dancing with Harriet Waterman
yeah Karen chase
back to the task at hand generation loss
refers to the loss of sound quality and
each succeeding copy of the tape unless
use digital I knew that well then you
also knew that you could not possibly
make this tape that I didn't hey what
you guys doing dr. Jeff code says I
didn't make the tapes I know you didn't
make the tapes it's what you put on it
that's the problem hmm whoever made this
tape definitely knew what he was doing
that eliminates you at the concert did
you happen to notice any
suspicious-looking characters lurking
about well the band the roadies most of
the security people this breaks it down
into digital impulses I would say the
microphones were definitely elevated
about 9 feet off the floor hey remember
that roadie on the ladder he was rigging
a microphone to the ceiling yeah and
green was giving him directions I think
we just discovered who's making of the
tapes when dr. Jay transferred our old
movies did he keep it all those little
holes at the end of every will haha oh
look what happened to Andrew he was cute
Oh Aaron you're so little Oh everybody's
heads cut off where's dad he's busy
cutting people's heads off your father
was not a great filmmaker
he's your father he looks different I
love that stupid old head it never gave
us throw it out but he could really fly
a kite oh what's wrong who's daddy good
at anything for me
I guess he was good at something
he says my
I've got to talk to you grant told me
about the bootleg tapes how could you do
that Andrew oh no no no no no don't
blame Andrew it was lurch here and this
yo-yo dr. Jeff gonna analyze the tapes
Kirk did not make those tapes and I saw
you in this human wall of flesh putting
up the microphones she's kid putting up
microphones in a music concert pretty
radical huh Bret sin that's Dwight from
pyro records wish me luck I think you
should go how old do you know this guy I
own the lot he's brought us a long way
Oh like playing crummy high schools
sorry grant would never do anything to
hurt the band he's been working really
hard to get as a record deal all right
maybe I misjudged a guy
deal
put this here come here under the 25 so
what do you say we distribute another
2,000 copies at the broward concert
sounds good well you said you'd get them
a record deal and you did unfortunately
with me the actually mass-produced
bootleg tapes priceless
man's this thing on
take it up
everyone's fighting over Tony feel used
in sheep what if it's from the machismo
you don't take well scrub get a piece of
who's the boss weekends on Dasia have
you you're gonna love these then I know
I will it's just so nice of you to do
this for us well I didn't know whether
to categorize your films chronologically
or alphabetically so I did both
surprised you didn't do it a clear to
the kids Heights turn come on kids were
ready I hope we're starting with Andrews
big baseball game when you stop the ball
with his face yes but the one day is for
hit it dr. J
oh well this is me receiving the student
to the decade of war
Oh
you